Before 1986, the club was spelled Black Hawks. People simply call it the Hawks
The base of this team is located in Chicago, Illinois.
This team plays for NHL or National Hockey League.
Since the first establishment of Chicago Blackhawks in 1926, there are 6 Stanley Cup Championships that this club has received.
If you are a fan of NHL, you must know about the Original Six of NHL teams.  They are New York Rangers, Boston Bruins, Chicago Blackhawks, Detroit Red Wings, Toronto Maple Leafs, and Montreal Canadiens.
United Center has been the home rink of Chicago Blackhawks since 1994. Actually the team had played inside the Chicago Stadium for 65 years before it moved to the United Center. 
Once, Frederic McLaughlin was the original owner of Chicago Blackhawks. He had this club until his death. During his ownership, there were two Stanley Cup titles that the club received.
After the death of McLaughlin in 1994, the club was under the control of Norris family. This family is also the owner of Chicago Stadium. 
James D. Norris was the next owner of Chicago Blackhawks after the Norris assets were divided among the members of the family due to the death of James E. Norris in 1952
The Wirtz family was the next owner of Chicago Blackhawks after the death of James D. Norris in 1966. Then Rocky Wirtz controlled the club. Under his ownership, there are three Stanley Cups that the club gets.
The original logo of Chicago Blackhawks depicted a black and white native head in a circle. The designer was Irene Castle.
Tommy Hawk is the mascot of Chicago Blackhawks. There are four feathers located on the hawk’s head.
The official fight song for Chicago Blackhawks is “Here Come the Hawks!” J. Swayzee was the writer of the song.
Former Chicago Blackhawks goalie Sam LoPresti once killed a dolphin with basically a shiv, to feed 28 of his shipmates who were stranded on a lifeboat for 42 days, after a German torpedo took out their ship. They cooked the meat in a bucket full of kerosene soaked rags. Hockey players, man...
In 2004 ESPN named the Chicago Blackhawks the worst franchise in professional sports, due to anger over several policies instituted by then-owner Bill Wirtz. Wirtz did not allow home games to be televised in the Chicago area, claiming it was unfair to the team's season ticket holders.
Prior to the 1960s, hockey sticks were straight. Stan Mikita, a Chicago Blackhawks Hall of Famer is credited with introducing the curve to the stick in the 60s.
The donut shop in Wayne's World is named "Stan Mikita's" after the famous Chicago Blackhawk as a subtle parody of Tim Horton's in Canada.
Chicago Blackhawks GM Stan Bowman is named after the Stanley Cup. Bowman's father, legendary coach Scotty Bowman, won his first Stanley Cup a month before Stan's birth.
The Chicago Blackhawks home games weren't broadcast on TV until 2007 because team owner Bill Wirtz believed that broadcasting home games would hurt attendance.
The Chicago Blackhawks are not named after a Native American tribe but an army unit which was named after Native American Chief who fought with the British against Americans in the War of 1812.
The unofficial theme song of the Chicago Blackhawks is called, Chelsea Dagger, and is sung by Scottish rock band, The Fratellis.
Dick Marx conducted his first orchestra at 12, wrote some of the most popular jingles for brands like Doublemint, Chicken of the Sea, & Kellogg's Raisin Bran and the fight song for the Chicago Blackhawks, which is still used extensively today. He's also the father of pop heartthrob Richard Marx.
When both of the Chicago Blackhawks' goalies got injured in a game in 2018, the team used an emergency goalie, a 36 year old accountant!
Fred Saskamoose was the name of the first ever "Indian" to play in the NHL. He suited up for 11 games in 1953/54 with the Chicago Blackhawks.
The Chicago Blackhawks were one the firsts NHL teams to use a goal horn.
Patrick Kane and Jonathan Toews made history by becoming the first two athletes from the same team to earn back-to-back covers for the iconic EA Sports NHL franchise. Kane represented for NHL 10, while Toews followed in NHL 11.
Bobby Hull did a lot to change the game of hockey. One of the lesser known changes was something called the "banana blade." The craze took the NHL world by storm in the 1960s, as Hull and teammate Stan Mikita fashioned sticks with extreme curves, which led to unpredictable shots that would give goaltenders fits.
At the end of the 1993-94 season, the legendary Chicago Stadium would close after 65 years of service to the team.
Repeat Norris Trophy winner Chris Chelios became the face of the Blackhawks through the '90s. That face was beaming during the 1994-95 playoffs.
There have been 23 perfect games in Major League Baseball history. In hockey, there's been just one.  In 1944 at legendary Chicago Stadium, the Blackhawks and Toronto Maple Leafs skated to a 0-0 tie with no goals and no penalties called on either side. This is the only instance this has happened in NHL history. 
The 1933-34 Blackhawks captured the first Stanley Cup in franchise history with a 1-0 victory in Game 4 of a best-of-five series with the Detroit Red Wings.
There may not be a more underrated player in the NHL to this day. Jonathan Toews was the last of three great players drafted with the top three picks of the 2006 NHL draft.
Patrick Kane made an instant impact after being drafted first overall by the Blackhawks in the 2007 NHL draft, as he won the Calder Trophy for the league's best rookie with 21 goals and 72 points in his first season.
In a lockout-shortened 2012-13 season, the Blackhawks proved they were ready to play hockey.  Chicago captured the attention of the entire league as it rushed out of the gates, going 24 games without a regulation loss.
